fix: add 'get' verb 'pod/exec' permissions in readonly roles (#125)
saritasa-nest/saritasa-devops-helm-charts: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 2024-07-23

[prod]

- [associated PR](https://github.com/saritasa-nest/saritasa-devops-helm-charts/pull/125)

> - Release new `pbac` version 0.1.11 - fix developer permissions to compatble with Kubernetes 1.30: allow 'get pods/exec'

Reviewer: > Release new `pbac`

rbac?

> - Release new `pbac` version 0.1.11 - fix developer permissions to compatble with Kubernetes 1.30: allow 'get pods/exec'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Release new `rbac` version 0.1.11 - fix developer permissions to compatible with Kubernetes 1.30: allow 'get pods/exec'
```

Author: Thank you!
